Improve docs: troubleshooting bad blocks, link OpenTelemetry receivers; update kube-manifests (#838)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/troubleshooting/bad-blocks.md

---
title: Bad Blocks
weight: 475
---

# Bad Blocks

> If queries fail with an error message containing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queries fail with an error message containing:
```

```
error querying store in Querier.FindTraceByID: error using pageFinder (1, 5927cbfb-aabe-48b2-9df5-f4c3302d915f): ...
```

> This might indicate there is a bad (corrupted) block in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might indicate that there is a bad (corrupted) block in the backend.
```

> A block can be corrupted if the ingester crashed while flushing the block to the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A block can get corrupted if the ingester crashed while flushing the block to the backend.
```

## Removing bad blocks

At this moment it's not possible to repair a bad block.

> The only solution is to remove the block, which will lead to some loss of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only solution is to remove the block, which can result in some loss of data.
```

> The mechanism to remove a block from the backend will be backend-specific, but the block that should be removed will be at:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mechanism to remove a block from the backend is backend-specific, but the block to remove will be at:
```
